Mother Community Strategy Sync - April 28
VIEW RECORDING - 35 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/oBzR78LCawu-yq54qypF9fs-4k6APH1k

---

0:05 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I'll be right back in one second, okay? Okay. So how is your weekend? Sorry, y'all can still ask that question, you're more than welcome to.  Oh, it's the weekend.

2:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's getting better weather here. Like we had already over 20, 25 degrees. Oh, yeah. Yes. Same here. It's super warm.  Yeah, we got like 24, 25 degrees and sunny. So nice. So nice. Did you get outside? Yeah, we went outside a bit.  I mean, with dogs, you're always at least an hour outside. Well, you have a pretty decent sized property so the dogs can run around and stuff.  Yeah, but at the moment, not because like the temporary house we have, it doesn't have enough fencing to just let them out.  But we're moving in two to three weeks and then at least we can let them outside. That would be so exciting.  Yeah. Cool. That's great. That's going to be so good. Yeah, but we're pretty much in nature. have a lot of hiking areas close by.

4:00 - Natascha Tiotuico
  That's great.

4:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's so nice. I still like, I'm always so torn because somebody, my partner is huge. They're like really into cities.  I'm more into nature. I also love, like I do love cities. love the activities in cities and I'm like, the only place that I've ever found has like a perfect balance of that.  Because I want to be able to also just like, yesterday we went like outside for a hike and like I go an hour, you know?

4:31 - Natascha Tiotuico
  This is like eating nicer, right? So, but it's like two hours of driving in a single day. Yeah. You know, for like a remote time for three or four hours.  Thanks. There

4:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So I love the idea of being like five, ten minutes away from nature, which would be much better, and the only place that ever happened was in Cape Town, and I lived there for two years, and it was the best, like, I don't know if you've seen pictures of Cape Town, but there's, if you look up a picture, there's like a little bit a shining mountain in the moon, and it's like, I would literally take a five-minute cab ride in the face of this enormous, mountain, and I'd be in there for hours, it was so good, and there was, like, so many routes there, and, yeah, you drive 30 minutes, and you're already, like, way further in nature, and you drive an hour, and it's like, you're like, you're animals and , and it took a while so early, so we moved, but, um, so good, so good.  Yeah, okay, so, topics for today, do you have anything? You're, you're quiet, or are you?

5:05 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, I'm not, I'm just listening to this.

5:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I saw the discussions about agents and stuff, I'm curious about that and above.

5:09 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Ian, what do you want to talk about TASH? You can just pop it in the chat box and we can go in any order.  Do you want me to just type it and read it for you? that easier? Yeah, well, okay. Maybe just about the roadmap that we start confirming, like how do we confirm things and set them up so everybody knows when to take action.  Because we have the community-driven roadmap, but I don't have the feeling that things will actually be done tomorrow. I think it's done maybe in the end of the week.  So, yeah, so I think, yeah, so just for us generally to know how to deal with the roadmap, because I know  I that 08 is not used to us sometimes having dates there and then pushing them along daily. So just so you're aware, 08, like when we have dates, I tried to like add it to be confirmed so that nobody expects it to be on that date.  We put those dates early last week.

6:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It was just like a placeholder, but we didn't finish the spec until Friday. Yeah.

6:29 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So then let's dive in. Okay.

6:35 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So let's actually talk about roadmap, because I actually think it's faster than we think. Because at the end of the day, I think let's go to the whole site today.  Let's see how far it got. And the thing is, is that I've gone at least two days of online like marketing on X before we launch the event.  So if James is done on Friday. Okay. Weekends, maybe we'll count them as like one day, because weekends actually perform quite well on X, but so if he finishes on Friday, let's do our event on Tuesday.  If he finishes on Monday, then we should do it on like Wednesday or even Thursday, like I want two days to happen and then the event happens kind of thing, so it's almost like three days later.  So I think that we need to wait to see when he's going to potentially be done and when it's ready to go, and then we can launch a few days later.  And what I'm going to do is I'm going to have all the communications. That's what I have today. I have an hour set aside before our offense.  That's kind of one of my agenda items as well is communications. Alex asked, and I appreciated him asking, is let's take a look at how the communications look for this.  So I'm going to draft that today so that we can all take a look and make sure that it feels right in terms of what we want to share and how we're going to get the hype out.  I think. I think it won't be overly difficult, but we'll get that sorted today in advance, and then Roadmap, I say we keep flexible in terms of, and we just do it one week at a time, right?  Because it really is just going to be so build-dependent.

8:14 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, and so my idea for the beginning, depending on how well it all works, is that we just explain what we're doing to create these quizzes.  We do a few quizzes for people to see the outcome, and then we'll see the troubleshooting of how to create quizzes, and then we create this beta quiz channel for other people to create quizzes so that we don't spam all our channels, but let's give them the opportunity to create channels in a beta channel.  Yeah, okay, great.

8:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  that's like, so basically, there's like almost like two phases. to this mini-activation, mini-campaign, whatever, is that the quiz bot is built, we talk about it for two days and X, and it'll be like, you know, Mother's launching its first Discord agent, it's this, it's an on-chain quiz bot that does this, this, this, I think it will get quite a bit of attention because of that, and then we're launching on this, here's the date, come join us, blah, blah, blah, and on that date, all we're doing is we're launching our own quizzes, that people can participate in, that's it, and then maybe the second part of it, either it happens that day or it happens a few days later, is what you said, the kind of beta channel, where you can now create your own poll, try it out yourself, kind of thing, yeah, right, because we're going to be dependent on how smoothly it works, like I'm expecting James to have some hurdles, so at least we can, like, give it online and show, like, how we create them, how it's like,

10:02 - Natascha Tiotuico
  They won't be able to generate it themselves until we have the troubleshooting phase finished. Okay, cool. Cool. Great. Then we're aligned on that.  Yeah, I feel super good about that. It's going to be exciting. I hope it works well because I also added on Friday the specs to kind of report that the question or answers are misleading or wrong.  So let's see if James can add that because I don't know if everyone will catch that right away or has time to catch that if like also like wrong answers.  Oh yeah, because they're costly.

10:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Oh, good catch. Good thinking.

10:54 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Because I mean the AI agent could do mistakes, right? For sure. For sure. Yeah.

11:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Or even if the article itself is misleading, it's giving it false information. I think that's such a good point.

11:06 - Natascha Tiotuico
  That's a really great point.

11:07 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  You know that people, if they're like, ah, blah, blah, blah, they're going to give it points related, right? Especially once it goes beyond the Mother Discord, like to others.

11:16 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, and the idea is that they can kind of report that it's wrong, and if we find out that it's really wrong, then we can manually tip them for reporting it.  the difference, yeah.

11:31 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool. I love that feature, because then it gives admins in the community where they're actually using real tokens with actual value to do the same thing, to do self-correcting mechanisms and stuff, right?  Yeah.

11:48 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah. Okay, cool. So, um... Right.

11:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So, OVAL is check, like, I mean, pending, and communications, uh... I kind of included in that is I'm going to drop those today, and so we'll move into those today.  Any other agent specs that we need to sort out in the meanwhile, or do we just want to kind of wait and see how things go with James first?  It's always kind of tough because we're having our mini all hands right now, but really the all hands, it kind of starts Monday nights for us.  Yeah. It kind of kicks off because we get all of the information at the end of the day.

12:24 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, so I think we can start looking, I don't know, Together Crew, Katerina was quite integrated at the beginning.  Like she she was talking a lot. I saw that Alex kind of reached out to her because they would be working into the new summary recap, and they also have a few features about re-engagement and retention AI that we could use.  But. At the moment, they're not reacting to Alex's messages, so I'm... Maybe at end of the day today, they don't.

13:08 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Maybe we'll send a follow-up tomorrow or something like that.

13:11 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah.

13:11 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It just could also be pretty, pretty, like, intense. They're, like, pretty... He tries to format them nicely, and they're just super...

13:19 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah. So, let's see if they get back to us, because he was last April 11th, and somehow nothing came back.  Really? No. Wasn't it recently, Together Crew?

13:35 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh, he just added us to the chat, but yeah. He sent this, like, enormous message on the 11th. Okay.  So yeah, we can always follow up. I mean, the 11th, yeah. If there's anything that you want to ask from them, I'd say just go for it.  Just ask. Okay. Yeah.

13:52 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I'll do that, then, today. And we can, like, um... Mm... What else do we have on the list? I mean, yes.  Go ahead. I'm thinking about translator agents. Harish from Gaia said they have quite a good Korean translator. Oh, really?  We could try to integrate that because translation is always an issue in communities to get everybody on the same page.  So we could experiment with that. And Harish said he'll keep an eye out on other agents that might be useful.  Now, I don't know how many Koreans we have in our Discord at the moment. I think not very many.  That can change if we have a bot.

14:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It can be much more inviting. I think that's great that they have just a single language bot rather than like a full language bot, because then you know that it's going to have really...  Really good English to Korean translations. Yeah, I just imagine a lot of agents in the future will be agents specializing between two specific languages and that's it.  So they get all the nuances and expressions and all that kind of stuff. Exactly.

15:15 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So that that would be a great thing to tackle, to see how that integrates with the mother orchestrator. Yeah, meme contest, Paul.  So closing the meme contest. Oh, yeah. How did you want to handle that?

15:34 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And do you mind taking that on you and Zero8? I don't know how to best handle it. I would just kind of like...

15:39 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, I think I'll do some manual polls, like adding links and letting people poll for different submissions. So we'll maybe make...  Zero8, how much time do you have? I know that Blazy's being more active. So maybe we can do some compilations of different memes and polls and have them run against each other and people voting for them.  What do you think about that?

16:17 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I don't think we had too many submissions, right?

16:21 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, well, we had a lot of submissions, but most of them were like from Dupas and Caleb and...

16:33 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I would say like 90% were from Dupas and four other people posted two or three. Which in reality are not even memes, like none of those is actually, they're more art, like...

16:54 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah.

16:54 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  But it's a meme and art, so it's okay. So...

16:58 - Natascha Tiotuico
  And... . . . The question would do, do we do a wrap up or do we do like another activation page to do more?  Maybe a wrap up would be nicer and then continue with another topic. Or what would be your idea?

17:31 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Let's wrap it up because like it's not like it's hyping people up very much, so yeah. Maybe. Okay.

17:40 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, so I'll plan for this week to maybe daily put a poll of three. Three that I like, I mean, um, I'll try to find a good mix so that people can start.  right. Pulling like voting for for different stuff and like, I'll just put one from Dupus in each poll. Because we have some from Pixie3, we have Tommy, I did one submission, Coach J did too.  So I think we can kind of put that together and poll it against each other this week and start wrapping it up next week.  Like announcing a winner and giving them 5000 seats. Does that sound fair? Like they got tipped in between. So I would say, OK, if we find the one with the most votes, we'll just give them extra 5000.  And then it should be good.

18:54 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah.

18:57 - Natascha Tiotuico
  OK. And with the poll, I'll try to animate people to also tip for their favorite one, like not only vote, but also tip.  Okay, so then that's wrapped up. I'll do that this week.

19:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, super great. The last thing I had here was just grants. I'm wondering, Zero8, if you can help us with this.  I was talking to Alex about it, and I think we would love to lean on your expertise, not just knowing and understanding the grants ecosystem, but actually really even getting us set up to actually apply.  for certain grants. How do you feel about that idea, first off, before we dive into any details?

19:49 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Well, sure, like, I would love to. It's just that, like, it sucks that we didn't start out like two

20:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I know, two years ago when grants were actually a really big thing and easy to get, and now they're super hard to get, right?  Yeah, exactly.

20:09 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  But grant-wise, I just think we should focus on the stuff that we can immediately get, that would be the strategy there.  So Arbitrum has a grant program for new protocol ideas. I have a level of trust in Arbitrum, me and Alex as well, so that might help us get grants from the DAO.  Again, I know the people that give away grants. So I don't know if that helps, like 90%, but it counts for 20%, 20% of them.  For sure.

20:52 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And remember our main value prop for grants is that like, I think L2s like Arbitrum are probably the best ones that we can go after.  go after. Because what we can say is that whatever place will give us a grant, like if we apply to Polygon, Arbitrum, Optimism, and all these things, whoever says yes, they will be our launch chain.

21:14 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, the thing is in Arbitrum, the grant program that's led by the DAO, because there's also one from the foundation, so that program kind of requires you to be on Arbitrum already, in a way.

21:28 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh, interesting. That kind of sucks. Okay.

21:35 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Anyway, can you at least just take a look?

21:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I know you gave us that list last time, but even just making an assessment, and your assessment could be 08, that like, right now, we are not positioned to get any grants.  Like, after you take a look, and you look through the requirements, you can just be like, this is not going to work for us right now, we need to wait and see.  Or if you're saying like, oh, You know, the Arbitrum one's really hard, the Polygon one's closed, the Optimum one's retro builders, but this one on Mantle will work, or something like that, like, do you mind doing the work of just quickly flipping through, looking at requirements and seeing which ones, like, we actually have a chance of getting?

22:19 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  It's a closed box, so there's a base grant program.

22:27 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, like, I don't know what the requirements are, and what we need to do in order to get that grant, and how we can start working for that now.

22:35 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  They are very kind of, I don't know, generally, general criteria. They're not very, let's say, stripped. Let me search for it and actually look at it.

22:53 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. That sounds like an easy win, then, if they're not stripped. They're not stripped. stripped. Thank you.

23:00 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  It's called the base ecosystem fund, so app base, high level focus, decentralize, scale, build developer platform, vibrant ecosystem, capital market, blah, blah, blah, okay, then team stuff, okay, yeah, I think this, we should apply for this one.  I'm gonna send it to you. Okay. Or post it to me. Okay, super.

23:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool, I think that's it, that's all I have. think we don't need to kind of stay on the call, that's all we want to talk about.  I'm really looking forward to our call later with James, seeing how it went with the builds, and then I think from there we can make some decisions about how the rest of this week will look, and it could be a really busy week, it could be a really light week, we'll just see where he's at.  Sounds like the plan.

23:59 - Natascha Tiotuico
  plan. bit, foundation? And Spock Okay, cool. Short question.

24:02 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  How do you guys feel we will make it? I hope so.

24:07 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I hope so, too. My gosh. I'm like, 50% chance yes. Yeah, like, I think we...

24:17 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Increase those odds. Sorry. Yeah, I think the real thing when we will get noticed if we're actually going the way we want to is when we get this deep dive on the quiz going, the community.  Like, we can't forget that we actually want to build a Discord of early adapters and builders that want to try this out, that don't know how to sell their AI agents to humans.  So we're trying to be that platform that says, here's the use case, here's how you use the agent, and people being excited.  Oh, I want to show off my agent in Discord in Mother because I see everybody's, like, trying... How can I use the agent for my use case?  And if we don't lose that goal in mind, I think we can succeed very well because, I mean, if you ask normal people, they don't know.  They know that A.I. is becoming a thing. They know how to use chat TPT, but they don't know how to use specialized agents.  Like, what do I actually do? How do I integrate them to my daily workflow without going to a specific interface and talking there?  So if we can close that gap, I think we can make it.

25:41 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I think this quiz thing is so good. And I think this is like our first big thing. And if this goes really well, I think that those odds go up a lot.  And it's really like our litmus test, like if it doesn't go well and it's not, people are not taking to it and people are not interested  I think that that's like some feedback for us, know what mean, about whether the market is ready for what we're offering.  So, yeah, I'm excited to get this agent built and tried out with folks. Thanks.

26:16 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  That was a great explanation, Tash.

26:20 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, we have to try how to bring consumer and AI builders together to understand how to actually interact. Like it's it's as when we had email and like who's going to open their like I go to my mailbox every day.  Why should I open my computer to read some emails? But nowadays, like you don't even go to the mailbox anymore.  Right. So we always read my emails. Yes. I always read emails. So we have to kind of find out how to overcome this this change of how we work and how everyone will work.  Because it's a new era. It's at that. What? We

27:04 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah. I just want to make it. Coach, you think if we just did aggressive marketing together, would that count for, let's say, the success rate of the quiz thing?

27:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I mean, I think marketing will obviously help. We need to get the word out. That's the most important thing with marketing.  One thing that's really interesting is, you know, we've been, since we started, because of the live streams, we've been posting like an average of five times a day.  And one thing I noticed a lot is that there's lots of people that follow us, and then there's lots of people that unfollow us.  I think it's because it's too much. So aggressive marketing isn't always the right way to go. I think what we'll end up doing is, that's why I was only going to do a couple of posts a day.  ... And we'll work with someone like GigBot to get the word out as much as possible, and then we'll message all of our groups.  Marketing will take us pretty far, but it will only take us so far. If we have a product that people actually want, that's what's going to make the difference.  You know, you're talking about grants being like a two years ago thing. I think all of Web3, since at least, you know, I don't know how long, Tash, you've been in this space, but I know, you know, 08, you've been even probably longer than I have.  Since we all started in this space, like, it's continued to change. I think, like, the hype machine is, like, starting to come to an end.  Like, less and less people are going to be interested in this hype, and they're to be actually interested in, like, long-term value.  There's still always going to be, like, a small segment trying to make some quick cash. But, like, I think it's really just about having amazing products, solid marketing to back it up, and that's what's going to win at the end of the day.  You know what mean? So, but we still have to have a good product. Like, if people watch this, it will work.  picture. Thank And if people don't want this, it doesn't matter how much we market it, you know? It doesn't matter what we say.  Yeah, true, true, true.

29:08 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Like, well, I think you're half right about the hype machine. Like, I think just product is even more aggressively advertised today because, like, if you look just at succinct, that creeps, the stuff they're doing, for example, the product, I don't know what the  the product But, like, the whole wrap-up around, like, their chain, their protocol, like, it's so, like, really nicely designed, well-built, and with a lot of elements, a lot of different activities that people don't even know what the product is, like, just with MegaEat and, like, product.

29:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's that's true.

29:53 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  It's a weird combination. Yeah. And, in the other hand, if you look at product, like, look at... ... ...  Only at Arbitrum's price, and they have the most vibrant builder ecosystem in Web3, and they're not doing well in that regard, but if you look at Sui, then they're doing really well.  Yeah, it's true.

30:20 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's true. There's no formula. If there was a formula, people would be using it and winning at it, but we're really trying to figure it out.  A question.

30:32 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Do you know any of our marketing strategies in Dubai at the ETH 2049, is it called? Yeah, 2049, yeah.  Do we have any panels being sponsored or something?

30:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We can't really do anything IRL unless we're doing it on our own dime, you know? Yeah. Because we don't have money, so like sponsoring anything, even getting into a lot of these  Talks, you need to pay money, and I'm not going to Dubai, so I'm definitely not going to, but I'm going to ECC, for example, on my own dime, and I've applied to speak on behalf of Leonard.  So, you know, we'll maybe have a talk there. Where are you going?

31:17 - Natascha Tiotuico
  ECC. Oh, okay.

31:21 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Actually, I think that's great to hear, Coach.

31:24 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I might also be coming to ECC. Hope to meet you there. I think LaGrange, somebody from LaGrange, Anastasia, like, actually reached out, and I've asked Francesco if he wants to, like, talk.

31:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh, yeah, because I think Francesco's in Dubai, but I think Francesco's, like, there on behalf of consensus, so I don't know how that works for him in terms of what he's talking about and where his attention is.

31:49 - Natascha Tiotuico
  And Dan is there, so is there anything that we should, like, that we think would be beneficial for us to?  There's right now. All right. Yeah, it's been there. It started yesterday. And and going on till first of May.  So is there anything you should keep our eyes on or listen to? I mean, if Francesco is there, then I can ask them to meet up maybe with him.  If you think that might be beneficial. I know Anjeli is there with Collab Land. But we're not actually having anything there, I think.  Oh, no, everybody seems I may be gone. Am I gone? I can hear you. you. I can hear can hear you.  know that. It was... Thank Are you gone or were you able to hear me? No, I think just Coach left.  I heard you. Like, I heard your question about Dan and... Being at Dubai.

33:13 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, Dubai with Francesco if they want to meet up. Like, that would be cool. Yeah, let me see if he...  And thanks for everything you're doing, Tash. Like, just really appreciate it. I just hope we can push. Sorry about that.  Hi. Sorry, power cut out.

33:37 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Just in terms of 2049, like, I just don't know. The only thing that I would say is if Dan meets any agent projects that are really keen on getting onto the mother registry, then sure.  But otherwise, like, I kind of want to see this experiment through. And I think if this experiment works, we'll have to swap people away with like a, you know, thing.  me. Cool. Nice. Okay. Thank you.

34:01 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yes, I'll ask him to see if there's community-specific agents he sees there, like he talks to people that would work in our use case.

34:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool.

34:18 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Okay, then. I'm gonna see you all in like eight hours-ish.

34:24 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah.

34:24 - Natascha Tiotuico
  See you later. Thanks for the call, guys. Okay. Ciao.

34:28 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Ciao.
